docs/tools/README.md, before:

Developer Resources
=========================   

## [EVMLab](https://github.com/ethereum/evmlab)

Various tools to interact with the Ethereum virtual machine, including a fuzzer and opcode viewer.

## [Echidna: Ethereum fuzz testing framework](https://github.com/trailofbits/echidna)   

Echidna is a Haskell library designed for fuzzing/property-based testing of EVM code.   

## [Ethersplay: A Visual EVM Dissassembler](https://github.com/trailofbits/ethersplay)   

Binary Ninja plugin which enables an EVM disassembler and related analysis tools.  

## [IDA EVM: IDA Processor Module for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM)](https://github.com/trailofbits/ida-evm)   

IDA Processor Module for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).   

## [Manticore: Symbolic execution tool for EVM and x86](https://github.com/trailofbits/manticore)   

Manticore is a symbolic execution tool for analysis of binaries and smart contracts.

## [Mythril Classic](https://github.com/ConsenSys/mythril)   

Mythril Classic is an open-source security analysis tool for Ethereum smart contracts.   

## [Octopus](https://github.com/quoscient/octopus)   

Security Analysis tool for WebAssembly module and Blockchain Smart Contracts.

## [Oyente](https://github.com/melonproject/oyente)   

An Analysis Tool for Smart Contracts.

## [Rattle: EVM Binary Analysis](https://github.com/trailofbits/rattle)

Rattle is an EVM binary static analysis framework designed to work on deployed smart contracts.   

## [Securify](https://securify.chainsecurity.com/)

Online and open source analysis tool for Ethereum smart contracts which checks for violations of security patterns.

## [Surya](https://github.com/ConsenSys/surya)

A set of utilities for exploring Solidity contracts. Allows the creation of inheritance and control flow graphs, structured AST output and markdown reports listing functions and their modifiers and visibility. 

## [pyevmasm: Pythonic EVM Assembler/Disassembler](https://github.com/trailofbits/pyevmasm)   

pyevmasm is an assembler and disassembler library for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). It includes a commandline utility and a Python API.

Commit message:

update to tool list
Smartcheck (security tool) added to list

docs/tools/README.md, after:

Developer Resources
=========================   

## [EVMLab](https://github.com/ethereum/evmlab)

Various tools to interact with the Ethereum virtual machine, including a fuzzer and opcode viewer.

## [Echidna: Ethereum fuzz testing framework](https://github.com/trailofbits/echidna)   

Echidna is a Haskell library designed for fuzzing/property-based testing of EVM code.   

## [Ethersplay: A Visual EVM Dissassembler](https://github.com/trailofbits/ethersplay)   

Binary Ninja plugin which enables an EVM disassembler and related analysis tools.  

## [IDA EVM: IDA Processor Module for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM)](https://github.com/trailofbits/ida-evm)   

IDA Processor Module for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).   

## [Manticore: Symbolic execution tool for EVM and x86](https://github.com/trailofbits/manticore)   

Manticore is a symbolic execution tool for analysis of binaries and smart contracts.

## [Mythril Classic](https://github.com/ConsenSys/mythril)   

Mythril Classic is an open-source security analysis tool for Ethereum smart contracts.   

## [Octopus](https://github.com/quoscient/octopus)   

Security Analysis tool for WebAssembly module and Blockchain Smart Contracts.

## [Oyente](https://github.com/melonproject/oyente)   

An Analysis Tool for Smart Contracts.

## [Rattle: EVM Binary Analysis](https://github.com/trailofbits/rattle)

Rattle is an EVM binary static analysis framework designed to work on deployed smart contracts.   

## [Securify](https://securify.chainsecurity.com/)

Online and open source analysis tool for Ethereum smart contracts which checks for violations of security patterns.

## [SmartCheck](https://tool.smartdec.net/)

A linter for Solidity and Vyper that checks code for security issues and bad practices.

## [Surya](https://github.com/ConsenSys/surya)

A set of utilities for exploring Solidity contracts. Allows the creation of inheritance and control flow graphs, structured AST output and markdown reports listing functions and their modifiers and visibility. 

## [pyevmasm: Pythonic EVM Assembler/Disassembler](https://github.com/trailofbits/pyevmasm)   

pyevmasm is an assembler and disassembler library for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). It includes a commandline utility and a Python API.
