docs/presentations/README.md, before:

Presentations
=========================   

## Learnings from the ETHSecurity Community - Kevin Seagraves   

[Click here for the slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mbVHeu5V_ptQ9v7yqlqjd7sRfWyBs5izdo6wBQf33bg/edit?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3HSk35Irtw" %}   

## Smart Contract and Dapp Security - ETHDenver   

[Click here for the slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1n7PAqdIedfeIGF-4-TELJZjz-_XOrFPU3gABvjcGmrk/edit?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oWqQll1KIY" %}   

## Security Overview - Martin Swende   

[Click here for the slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B69CiKIMgsyeSkdXc1ZuSFE2YWYwamhRc2ZBRjB3ZkladVRN/view?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGYki6KYTs8" %}   

## Introduction to Ethereum - Alex Fisher   

[Click here for the slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1t9IhJx-FsYv6iCRTUL9tB1oPIX3QmYWtznWuN5-D4dU)   

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/7WyIms8YDVo" %}   

## Cryptoeconomic Protocols - Vitalik   

[Click here for the slides](https://www.slideshare.net/ethereum/vitalik-buterin-cryptoeconomic-protocols-in-the-context-of-wider-society)   

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/S47iWiKKvLA" %}   

## One Year of Eth Security - Martin

[Click here for the slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B69CiKIMgsyeel9EVGJVd2xjNUxfZkllTEFkMUdHY2ltQ2dZ/view?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyMuBUgf8fQ" %}   

## The Shanghai Attacks - Martin

[Click here for the slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B69CiKIMgsyeMzk1aVdTd1dXYU9SRFdycG5Md1lxLUlvRVl3/view?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl06E2kwi-U" %}   

## Smashing Smart Contracts for Fun - Bernhard   

[Click here for the slides](https://github.com/b-mueller/smashing-smart-contracts/blob/master/smashing-smart-contracts-1of1.pdf)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJ9StJThxZY" %}

Commit message:

add talk devcon4 - reversing EVM bytecode

docs/presentations/README.md, after:

Presentations
=========================   

## Reversing Ethereum Smart Contracts to find out what's behind EVM bytecode - Patrick Ventuzelo

[Click here for the slides](https://patrickventuzelo.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/devcon4_reversing_ethereum_smart_contract_full.pdf)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEvRRszoTeE" %}   

## Learnings from the ETHSecurity Community - Kevin Seagraves   

[Click here for the slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mbVHeu5V_ptQ9v7yqlqjd7sRfWyBs5izdo6wBQf33bg/edit?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3HSk35Irtw" %}   

## Smart Contract and Dapp Security - ETHDenver   

[Click here for the slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1n7PAqdIedfeIGF-4-TELJZjz-_XOrFPU3gABvjcGmrk/edit?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oWqQll1KIY" %}   

## Security Overview - Martin Swende   

[Click here for the slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B69CiKIMgsyeSkdXc1ZuSFE2YWYwamhRc2ZBRjB3ZkladVRN/view?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGYki6KYTs8" %}   

## Introduction to Ethereum - Alex Fisher   

[Click here for the slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1t9IhJx-FsYv6iCRTUL9tB1oPIX3QmYWtznWuN5-D4dU)   

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/7WyIms8YDVo" %}   

## Cryptoeconomic Protocols - Vitalik   

[Click here for the slides](https://www.slideshare.net/ethereum/vitalik-buterin-cryptoeconomic-protocols-in-the-context-of-wider-society)   

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/S47iWiKKvLA" %}   

## One Year of Eth Security - Martin

[Click here for the slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B69CiKIMgsyeel9EVGJVd2xjNUxfZkllTEFkMUdHY2ltQ2dZ/view?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyMuBUgf8fQ" %}   

## The Shanghai Attacks - Martin

[Click here for the slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B69CiKIMgsyeMzk1aVdTd1dXYU9SRFdycG5Md1lxLUlvRVl3/view?usp=sharing)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl06E2kwi-U" %}   

## Smashing Smart Contracts for Fun - Bernhard   

[Click here for the slides](https://github.com/b-mueller/smashing-smart-contracts/blob/master/smashing-smart-contracts-1of1.pdf)   

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJ9StJThxZY" %}
