docs/security-organizations/README.md, before:

Security Organizations
=========================   

## [Trail of Bits](https://www.trailofbits.com/)   

Since 2012, Trail of Bits has helped secure some of the world’s most targeted organizations and products. We combine high-end security research with a real-world attacker mentality to reduce risk and fortify code.

## [Consensys Diligence](https://consensys.net/diligence/)   

Creating a safe, trustworthy and healthy Ethereum ecosystem. ConsenSys Diligence is committed to improving and protecting the Ethereum ecosystem by facilitating technical excellence, security guidelines, legal precautions, and ethical business practices.   

## [Quantstamp](https://quantstamp.com/)   

Quantstamp is a Y Combinator backed security company with a mission to secure and drive the mainstream adoption of Smart Contracts. We are building a protocol that aims to help blockchain developers and projects around the world use its technology to perform cost-effective security audits on their contracts.   

## [SolidStamp](https://www.solidstamp.com/)   

SolidStamp connects smart contract users and security auditors to ensure the safety of their Ether and tokens. We maintain an on-chain database of smart contract audits so you can be sure you are investing your funds securely. SolidStamp allows you to hire top-notch security specialists to audit the contract you plan to use to validate their authenticity and security.    

## [Smart Contract Security Alliance](https://www.smartcontractsecurityalliance.com/)   

The Smart Contract Security Alliance’s core mission is to support healthy growth and adoption of blockchain applications. As part of that, we are working with other members of the industry to develop accepted standards for creating and evaluating the security of smart contracts.

Commit message:

Update security organizations
Sorted by alphabetical order (assuming many other organizations will be added to the list eventually) and added ChainSecurity

docs/security-organizations/README.md, after:

Security Organizations
=========================   

In alphabetical order: 

## [ChainSecurity](https://chainsecurity.com)

ChainSecurity offers formally verified audits and combines the latest research in program analysis, machine learning, and system security to build innovative blockchain security solutions. 

## [Consensys Diligence](https://consensys.net/diligence/)   

Creating a safe, trustworthy and healthy Ethereum ecosystem. ConsenSys Diligence is committed to improving and protecting the Ethereum ecosystem by facilitating technical excellence, security guidelines, legal precautions, and ethical business practices.   

## [Quantstamp](https://quantstamp.com/)   

Quantstamp is a Y Combinator backed security company with a mission to secure and drive the mainstream adoption of Smart Contracts. We are building a protocol that aims to help blockchain developers and projects around the world use its technology to perform cost-effective security audits on their contracts.  

## [Smart Contract Security Alliance](https://www.smartcontractsecurityalliance.com/)   

The Smart Contract Security Alliance’s core mission is to support healthy growth and adoption of blockchain applications. As part of that, we are working with other members of the industry to develop accepted standards for creating and evaluating the security of smart contracts.

## [SolidStamp](https://www.solidstamp.com/)   

SolidStamp connects smart contract users and security auditors to ensure the safety of their Ether and tokens. We maintain an on-chain database of smart contract audits so you can be sure you are investing your funds securely. SolidStamp allows you to hire top-notch security specialists to audit the contract you plan to use to validate their authenticity and security.    

## [Trail of Bits](https://www.trailofbits.com/)   

Since 2012, Trail of Bits has helped secure some of the world’s most targeted organizations and products. We combine high-end security research with a real-world attacker mentality to reduce risk and fortify code.
